---
description: June 3, 2024
---

# (3/6/24) Meeting Minutes

## Attendees:

* Leonard Hegarty
* Ben Hart
* Santiago Carmuega
* Eystein Hansen
* Alex Karpov
* Douglas Ferguson
* Karen Wickham
* Hwang Huongket
* Romain Pellerin
* Sam Leathers
* Silona Bonewald

## Agenda

Old Business:

New Business: 1) New format to Minutes adopted based on Open Source template.\


<table><thead><tr><th width="185">Discussion Point</th><th width="257">Notes/Action Items</th><th>Actions: Responsible</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>1. Message from Chair</td><td><p>Bias to action</p><ol><li>Fidelity</li><li>Document staging<br></li></ol><p>All documents will follow a fidelity progression of low, medium and high to reflect doneness. <br></p></td><td><ol><li>Hwang to share Artifacts Inventory with the group on Discord</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td>2. Socialize Existing Prototypes</td><td><p>Async work agreed on </p><ol><li>Glossary </li><li>Internal comms plan</li><li>External Comms Plan</li></ol></td><td><ol><li>Hwang &#x26; Silona &#x26; Santiago to review &#x26; return with an initial glossary &#x26; procedure for acceptance</li></ol><ol start="2"><li>Eystein &#x26; Silona to return with specific notes for improvement or a revised document</li></ol><ol start="3"><li>Silona, Leonard, &#x26; Christian (OS WG) to champion the External Comms Plan document expanded from the spreadsheet shown</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td>3. Roadmap Items</td><td><ol><li>Ideate &#x26; Classify a list of roadmap items to better contextualize and agree on what things we see are critical to support through the process</li><li>A stronger Roadmap definition is required</li></ol></td><td><ol><li>Leonard &#x26; Hwang to work toward a sanitized list of the existing 9 items that can be shared internally</li><li>Leonard &#x26; Hwang to produce a draft definition for Roadmap</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td>4. Stakeholder mapping</td><td><p></p><ol><li><p>Who is critical to the roadmaping process</p><p>a. Who will submit items.</p><p>b. Who will play various roles in the process as it runs </p></li></ol></td><td>Agenda skipped (Issue will be addressed in Comms Plan)</td></tr><tr><td>5. Current state</td><td><ol><li>Considering each stakeholder, how what steps do they take with the system today?</li></ol></td><td>Agenda skipped</td></tr><tr><td>6. Process Flow Diagram and Checklist</td><td><p></p><ol><li>Budget and TSC to be invited to review process diagram flow and CIP1694 proposal pathway </li><li>IOG invited to attend next meeting to discuss research procedure in the context of the process flow diagram </li></ol></td><td><ol><li>Hwang to invite Lawrence to 17 June workshop</li><li>Hwang to invite Nikolai &#x26; Christian to 10 June workshop</li></ol><p><br></p></td></tr></tbody></table>

