---
description: April 29, 2024
---

# (29/4/24) Meeting Minutes

## Attendees:

* Alex Karpov
* Ben Hart
* Douglas&#x20;
* Erik Skogsberg
* Eystein Hansen
* Hwang Huongket
* Karen Wickham
* Leonard Hegarty
* Nigel Hemsley
* Romain Pellerin
* Silona Bonewald

## Notes/Decision

1. Backlog process:&#x20;
   * Group to consider a general process taking into account multiple categories of work to generate a list of items on the backlog that can be reviewed and decided upon in order to receive funding.&#x20;
   * Concern with testing examples from the existing Continuity backlog: Does not take into account the initial ideation phase as the item is already matured.
   * Consideration for interaction with the Cardano ecosystem, e.g. Catalyst during the development of the framework.
2. Special Interest Groups and Technical Groups:&#x20;
   * Utilizing the existing groups within Intersect and establishing the ones as we need them.&#x20;
   * Different groups may be involved in various stages in the backlog process, therefore the backlog working group needs to be mindful of the governance behind these processes developed by the other working groups.
3. Initial Anchor: Purpose statement looking into what success looks like:&#x20;
   * High level - Deploying a community driven and transparent (preferably on-chain focused) process to legitimize the backlog of Intersect as well as community involvement for a roadmap for the next steps of the backlog process.
   * Detailed oriented - Curates a backlog process that aggregates and prioritizes work items from Cardano Ecosystem (CPS, CIPs, SIGs) and Intersect's Technical Working Groups (core components in particular) inputs.
   * Outcome is to maintain a common roadmap for Cardano Core Stack development that Intersect can execute.
4. Meeting cadence: Group to have longer workshops based on the agenda - starting with 3-hour and 1-hour workshops orientation starting next week (7th May).
5. Next week group discussion - next session to take LSM through the wireframe backlog framework to test as a starting point and understand key concerns and/or shared definitions.

## Action Items

* [ ] Silona to progress with setting up xWiki as a collaboration space to test and prototype items through backlog process.&#x20;
* [x] Intersect to reach out to technical SME and temporary member to provide context on LSM.&#x20;
* [ ] Group - Pre-read: Backlog process wireframe



